[Music]
hey how's gone
Dave 2d here so we're all pretty stoked
about Samsung's upcoming Galaxy S 10
it's coming out in early 2019 and this
is why the screen on that s10 is likely
gonna be using Samsung's infinity oh
screen it's gonna be a beautiful screen
notch las' pretty much bezel this and
it's gonna rock the world so instead of
a notch or a bezel we're looking at a
circular punch out for the camera hole
so the home screen the regular UI if
you're watching videos everything's
gonna look so much cleaner with such
small bezels and a punched out camera
hole instead of a notch now it isn't the
first screen with a punched out hole
Samsung's a8 has it and a few other
Chinese phones have had holes in their
screens but the Galaxy S 10 is the first
phone that's gonna have a punch out hole
on an OLED screen so Samsung is using
their laser hole punching tech to cut
holes on AMOLED displays and that stuff
looks awesome all the other displays
that are having holes in their screens
are using LCD panels and we all know
AMOLED is king when it comes to displace
okay the processor on the s10 is also
going to be some fast stuff it's going
to be this Snapdragon 8150 or the Exynos
98 20 depending on where you get it from
and both of those are gonna be faster
than the previous generation but
truthfully it's not like we need faster
phones per se right we want a better
experience it's just that newer phones
invariably have faster processors in
them okay another change that's
happening on the s10 is the fingerprint
sensor the s10 will now allow you to
unlock your phone with an in display
ultrasonic fingerprint sensor so we've
seen that tech before right well the
idea of an in display fingerprint sensor
is not new but most of the phones out
there are using an optical sensor so you
put your thumb on the screen it shines a
light illuminates your thumb and it'll
read that fingerprint on the s10 it's
going to use an ultrasonic sound wave to
map a 3d image of your thumbprint as you
get better accuracy and better speed and
that's one of the issues that we've seen
with fingerprint sensors that are built
into the display they tend to be a
little bit slower so on one plus 60 that
was the first thing that myself and a
lot of other reviewers noticed is that
you put your finger on it compared to a
rear-mounted fingerprint sensor it's
just invariably slower a little bit
slower but it is noticeable with
ultrasonic technology that supposed to a
little bit faster and significantly more
accurate the UI on the S tennis was to
be completely overhauled so the S
mine's been running Samsung experience
such as must some people like it but
most people find a pretty bloated still
the s10 is me running one UI so they
have betas of this outer ready it's much
cleaner and simpler interface though
whole idea is to make the UI less
cluttered and less bloated they also
have some features that make it easier
to use it with one hand so a lot of the
interactable elements are pushed down to
the lower part of the screens you don't
have to reach as far and stuff it's a
cool idea but we'll see how Samsung
implements that in the future now
there's a couple cool rumors of a 5g
model with 12 gigs of RAM and a terabyte
of storage
that sounds pretty bonkers if it's real
but the big question that remains
unanswered for me is whether or not the
s10 will have a headphone jack because
the whole galaxy line like the note the
s9 the s9 plus they were the last phones
that had the headphone jack and like
they're the chosen one if these guys
remove it if Samsung removes the
headphone jack from the s10 that's
that's it like all the major flagships
have removed the headphone jack and
these got the last ones left so I hope
they have it but anyways I'm stoked for
the phone I think a lot of you guys are
the s10 is going to be lit ok hope you
guys enjoyed this video thumbs we liked
it
subs we'd love to see you guys next time
[Music]